Alright, before we get it started: when we did that "Smoke Two Joints", that was jacked from the Toyes and that song "Rivers of Babylon" was written by Brent dowe and Trevor McNaughton.

Alright now, crucial thanks out to the Happoldt, Nowell, and Wilson families for
Their patience and support. We love y'all!
To all the players who made this possible: thank you very much! (Yeah, the check's in the mail.) To Kelly Vargas for steppin' in there and makin' it happen. The LBP, the world famous Juice Bros, the Field-Marshall Goodman and the man called Floyd-I. Thanks out to Bad Religion, the Descendents. George Hurley, and Mike Watt to all those flops but only when they ain't hangin' out; to Toby dog-(whistles)-to Louie dog, to Matt dog. James Brown, the BSM, to Miles Davis. the Canda all night rocker. to South Side part and Cathrene --- whazzup dude?! and, alright, now best wishes out to Eno and Shelly, and their baby on the way.

Hey, up to Jimi Hendrix, to Beer, the Sonic Lizard, the Rape Man. How about Bob Marley, Bob Dobbs, and Bob Forrest, to all those punker sluts, to Eek-a-Mouse? Tom for lettin' us practice and crashin', chilli part all night, Pen1, Fugazi, Rhino '59, Greek1, the Last Puriah's, and Naomis' Hair. How about the Butthole Surfers, and Frank Zappa? ANB, Big Drill Car, Bert Suzanka and all the Ziggens' around the world,
To Jack the Third, to Julia Parker.

Hey Jeff the King, where's my mic stands? Martini with his 40oz in hand. To Jay Dodds, and his son Christian. I gotta say thank you to Skum, Hard as Smoke and Cheap as Wood, to Scumette and the Vandals. How about H.R. for 'nuff inspiration, 'nuff respect? Hey, Mick Fleet, Joanne, and Caroline. Hey, I gotta say whazzup to fuckin' Snow, and Bam-Bam and all the East Side Stoners. St. Tucko, Sean Stern, the Ken G. Easley project, Steve Zapeda, and Richard Gecko, and everyone down at Bogart's. Thanks a million. I gotta say whazzup and thank you to Dave Shea, and Greg A. Without them, this wouldn't be possible. (Oh yeah, your mom called and said you guys should take a nap!) To Sacramento, BMD, and Danny Lovitz out in Arcada. I gotta say thank you to Diet Fade, Imagine Yellow Suns, every one out at Band is Dead, Kevin Swinson, Freesia, Cold Duke Train, and Wister, and ah, how could I not thank Mark Mandoo, and the One Live Crew, and all the Lakewood posse? Mr. Capoo, and the Antioch posse, especally the Johnson family --- whazzup, Ms. J.?

I gotta say whazzup to Dirty Al, Jennifer Henry, and Kelly too out in San Fransico, Lisa Johnson in Austin, Tonto, Jimmy Carl Black, Mercado Caribe in Austin. Thanks a lot, Lee, for gettin' us in out of the heat! Jimmy's in New Orleans, the Hard Back in Gainsville, Florida. Mark Goodnight for his psycho pad --- alright, we stayed at this guy's house, and, when they had that murders back in, like, '89, a guy and a girl got hacked up in his pad and we stayed there but, ya know, it was great! ---, to Jack Tripper (even though he don't know a goddamn thing about Orlando!), to Ingrid in Arcada, Rusty, Bermuda Pete, and Sara, Shannon Boyle, to the Space Fish (sorry guys maybe next time), NKOTB in Costa Mesa, the O.K. hotel in Seattle. to joel for gettin' us that shit at waves. We needed that man, thanks bro. to Nija man, Tam, D'arby Crash, D. Boon, Alex Nika (come visit goddamn it!) Grin, Craig Casky, Dave Cornbloom, Beth Larson, to everyone at the Church of Rock and Roll.

We gotta say whazzup to Cory, and her best friend Georgie, the Meat Puppets, Tar Babies, Kate and Frank out at Zed's, Scott down at Ten Ton, every one down there at Deja, thanks, CMJ enterprises, Molly Cantrell, Courtney Beat-mon, the Mecca Park
And Recreations Department --- fuck twenty nine palms! ---; hey Lisa G., what up, punk? To Kenny for Scarlet Inspirations, to Bus Face, to Soup Line, and the Mentors.

We gotta say thank you to the entire hip-hop community, especially the man they call Just ICE, Kris Parker, more commonly known as KRS-One for 'nuff inspiration, D-Nice, Queen Latifah, Shelly Dundre, the muthafuckin trigger-happy Geto Boys and Public Enemy Number 1, NWA and the man they call Ice Cube and the goddamn Lench Mob. Don't let me forget Cypress Hill and the whole Southgate Posse - You guys are in the house.

Scott Cunningham, motherfucking Peace, Gina G., that long-haired soundman dude, Prince Jammy and the Scientist Squad! INI Kamos, Tendersaw, Supercat, Major Mackerel, Daddy Tiger, Major Worries, Half-Pint, U-Roy, Daddy Lizard, and everyone on the Redman Superpowered One, Sean Head and Shaba, the Beastie Boys, Maggie and Jules and the Arlington Crew, Ranco Tires on Anaheim and Orange --- "Always the Lowest Prices!"---, and YOU! Peace, Immunity, and we're out for now. I'll see ya!